---
layout: post
title:  That's how I got to Memphis
categories: [life, Memphis, St Jude]
excerpt: But with that, I arrived in Memphis and jumped in a banged-up Uber. We booted down the 240....
---


I've been asked why am I moving to Memphis, what it's like, and if it is safe etc... etc... I plan to develop more of the points below but given my frequent updates to the website I should have my next post by 2026.


[[ Restructure and tidy the language below]]


Before starting my PhD, I had a loose plan that I would like to return to Sydney to work in the Children's Hospital in Randwick. The pipe dream of returning to live near Centennial Park was short-lived but the eventual specialisation in paediatric cancer genomics remained. After completing my PhD, my supervisor introduced me to a past student of his who is now a principal investigator at St Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee. Memphis renowned for the birth of Rock'n'Roll and Blues B.B. King & Elvis Presley may not have been initially on my radar but I had a good working knowledge of St Jude in terms of their research and Cloud computing platform developed for sharing (Anonymised & summarised) and analysing genetic information collected through their various projects. After presenting an online seminar to the computational biology department, I headed for Beale St to interview at St Jude in October. Memphis is relatively awkward to get to from Ireland with no direct flights from Ireland. The flight options include changing in JFK, O'Hare or Atlanta with some flights routing through Amsterdam. The words of Tom T. Hall (Jeff Daniels for Newsroom fans) were stuck in my head most of the journey "{% include pullquote.html quote="I haven't eaten a bite or slept for three days and nights, that's how I got to Memphis."%}" But with that, I arrived in Memphis and jumped in a banged-up Uber. We booted down the 240 and headed for my accommodation along the banks of the mighty Mississippi. I had some days to explore some of the city, I'll talk about St Jude in more detail another time. 

The city seems sparse in terms of the main thoroughfare and shops which I gather is common in the "South". However, I need to do more exploring of midtown and further east where the alleged young professionals are. But more importantly, the people I met were fantastic and very proud and optimistic in the direction the city seems to be heading. 
